# Bellabeat-Case-Study-
1. Company Summary 
1.1 Company Background 
According to Forbes, “Bellabeat is a data-oriented wellness tech company that was founded by Sandro Mur, Urška Sršen, and Lovepreet Singh in 2013” (Robter, 2020). The company is global with offices in London, Hong Kong and Zagreb, but is headquarter in San Francisco. The company focuses on women’s health and wellness with a collection of wearable and non-wearable tech. The four pillars of their brand include: smart insights, women-centric, holistic approach and body positivity. With this in mind, their products focus on including metrics around a woman’s menstrual cycle stating on their website that “Bellabeat helps you get in sync with your natural cycle” and that “through tracking your body’s bio-responses and aligning that data with your hormonal cycle, you’ll always know why you feel how you do.”

1.2 Company Products 
The company’s wearable products include:

Ivy – “a health tracker disguised as smart jewelry”
Time – “an elegant hybrid wellness watch”
Leaf – available in three styles: chakra, urban, & crystal and can be worn as a necklace, bracelet or clip. This was Bellabeat’s classic wellness tracker.
Spring – a “smart water bottle” designed to track your drinking / hydration habits.
All of the company’s wearables sync to their Bellabeat app where members can check their metrics. The wearables track activity (steps taken, distanced traveled, calories burned and activity minutes) & sleep and through the app you can also track your menstrual cycle, hydration (if not using Spring) & meditation. Their IVY wearable also tracks heart rate metrics.

Bellabeat also offers a Wellness Coach app with “unlimited access to 400+ education video, written, and audio content from areas of beauty, fitness, mindfulness, women’s health and more” through their Bellabeat+ membership.

2. ASK Phase 
2.1 Business Task 
Utilizing the Fitbit Fitness Tracker Data, identify some trends in smart device usage, how these trends can be applied to Bellabeat’s customers and how they can help influence Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.

2.2 Stakeholders 
Urška Sršen – Bellabeat’s cofounder and Chief Creative Officer
Sando Mur – Mathematician and Bellabeat’s cofounder
Bellabeat’s marketing analytics team – a team of data analytics
3. PREPARE Phase 
3.1 Data Used 
The data source used for this case study is FitBit Fitness Tracker Data. This dataset was downloaded from Kaggle where it was uploaded by Möbius.

3.2 Accessibility & Usage of Data 
The dataset was published by Möbius to Kaggle.com under the CC0: Public Domain Creative Common License – waiving all rights to the work and allowing for the dataset to be copies, modified, distributed and performed without asking for permission. Möbius cited the dataset from Zendo: Furberg, Robert; Brinton, Julia; Keating, Michael ; Ortiz, Alexa [Source Here]

3.3 Data Summary 
According to the dataset information submitted on Zenodo.org,"this dataset was generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016 – 05.12.2016.Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring." Additionally, "Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences."

3.4 Data Organization 
Eighteen datasets were downloaded from the FitBit Fitness Tracker Data. The datasets downloaded in .csv file format and included long and wide formats. The datasets chosen for analysis below included a user count of 33 participants over a 31 day period of time.

3.5 Data Limitations & Integrity 
The FitBit Fitness Tracker Data was collected in 2016 making the datasets outdated for current trend analysis. Additionally, while the data initially states a time range of 03-12-2016 to 05-12-2016, after data verification, the data collected was only during a 31 day period (04-12-2016 to 05-12-2016). Since the data only included instances over a 31 day period, the timeframe for a more insightful analysis is realitively small.

Lastly, the sample size itself could create a sample bias. While a sample size of 30 (our data later shows a sample size of 33) will hold up within the CLT theorm, a larger sample size will be more representative of the population and would increase the confidence interval. Additionally, since there were no demographic information collected it will be hard to see if we have a true representation of a national or global population. This lack of demographic information will also limit recommendations on the target audience (including gender, location, age and job status) and where to market to them. Considering that Bellabeat is primarily targeted to women and individuals who menstruate, having demographics would have bolstered any recommendations after analysis.
